Relax fwrite dec == sep restriction for single-column input (#7233)
Rdatatable/data.table: NEWS.md

17. `t1 - t2`, where one is an `IDate` and the other is a `Date`, are now consistent with the case where both are `IDate` or both are `Date`, [#4749](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/4749). Thanks @George9000 for the report and @MichaelChirico for the fix.

> 18. `fwrite` now allows `dec` to be the same as `sep` when writing a single-column table, as `sep` is not used in this case. [#7227](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/7227). Thanks @MichaelChirico for the report and @venom1204 for the fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
18. `fwrite` now allows `dec` to be the same as `sep` when `sep` is not used (i.e. for 0- or 1-column tables). [#7227](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/7227). Thanks @MichaelChirico for the report and @venom1204 for the fix.
```

> 18. `fwrite` now allows `dec` to be the same as `sep` when writing single-column or zero-row tables, as `sep` and/or `dec` are not used in these cases. [#7227](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/7227). Thanks @MichaelChirico for the report and @venom1204 for the fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
18. `fwrite` now allows `dec` to be the same as `sep` for edge cases where only one will be written, e.g. 0-row or 1-column tables. [#7227](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/7227). Thanks @MichaelChirico for the report and @venom1204 for the fix.
```
